tp2/practice_02_README.md, before:

# Practice session 2

EPITA 2023 MLRF practice session 02 by Joseph CHAZALON

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).


## Getting started
This session uses the following Jupyter notebooks:
- `practice_02-00_intro.ipynb`
- `practice_02-01_detection-description.ipynb`
- `practice_02-02_twinit-part2-matching.ipynb`

To start working, launch a terminal and navigate to the content of this archive.
Then, run [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/):
```shell
jupyter notebook
```

Of course, you need to make sure all the required modules are installed.
You can install then all, **for your current user only,** using the following command:
```shell
pip install --user -r practice_02_requirements.txt
```

**Please note that we now require `scikit-learn` which was not necessary for the first session.**

Then, open the first notebook: `practice_02-00_intro.ipynb`.


## Copyright note
*Twin it!* material is copyrighted by the original author, Thomas Vuarchex.

Commit message:

update: add data link to tp2

tp2/practice_02_README.md, after:

# Practice session 2

EPITA 2023 MLRF practice session 02 by Joseph CHAZALON

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).


## Getting started
This session uses the following Jupyter notebooks:
- `practice_02-00_intro.ipynb`
- `practice_02-01_detection-description.ipynb`
- `practice_02-02_twinit-part2-matching.ipynb`

To start working, launch a terminal and navigate to the content of this archive.
Then, run [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/):
```shell
jupyter notebook
```

Of course, you need to make sure all the required modules are installed.
You can install then all, **for your current user only,** using the following command:
```shell
pip install --user -r practice_02_requirements.txt
```

**Please note that we now require `scikit-learn` which was not necessary for the first session.**

Then, open the first notebook: `practice_02-00_intro.ipynb`.

### Data for training

The data is hosted on my personal one drive and can be accessed via https://1drv.ms/f/s!AmNJyhtb-H-0hIkZ8hvPUj4Vr705Pg?e=hP1f3s


## Copyright note
*Twin it!* material is copyrighted by the original author, Thomas Vuarchex.
